So look, crypto's next local top might
be a lot closer than you think. The good
news is there's still room for prices to
move higher. Okay, so in my opinion, the
next local top for crypto, that's
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Salon, all that kind
of stuff could occur as soon as the
second week of September, maybe sometime
around early October with Bitcoin priced
around $150,000, ETH priced around $700,
Salana probably around 400 bucks. Plain
and simple. There it is. So, in this
video, let me show you where I'm getting
this time frame from the prices and
where, in my opinion, prices go after
that next local top through to the end
of the year and into 2026. So, and of
course, guys, I don't have a crystal
ball. All right, no crystal balls all
out over here. They're not made out of
crystal anyway. But I do have charts.
So, let's start with charts and time
frames and data. Okay, I'm thinking the
next local top in crypto could happen
around the second week of September.
Again, it's not a perfect science. Maybe
sometime like first week of October
could be something like that as well,
but that time frame there. Okay. Now,
I'm coming up with this based off of the
Bitcoin Global M2 about 10week lead
chart from bgoottrics.com. Now, some
people say it's 12 weeks, some people
say it's 14 weeks. That's why I give a
bit of uh leeway here. It's not a
perfect correlation all the time. It's
not exactly to the day this it's an
approximate. Okay, but the approximate
is putting us right in that range. Now,
just for the sake of simplicity here,
let's just use the second week of
September as our sort of opening window
to when that top is going to come in.
Okay. Now, you can see that in Bitcoin's
price here, it's in black and global M2
on this chart is in blue. Now,
understand that the global M2 data here
is mostly derived from recent central
bank reporting. However, uh BGometrics
adds an M2 forecast or projection at the
very end of it. Basically, the tail end
of this M2 data is a prediction as to
where global M2 is probably headed even
though the actual data from the central
banks has not yet been released. So,
it's speculative in that regard. Now, as
an aside, this prediction is generated
from recent trends and sort of central
bank signals that they might be sending
out to the market. Okay, stuff like
that. Finally, BGMs uh takes B
geometrics takes all this data, both the
historical M2 data and the forecast,
then shifts it all forward about 10
weeks into the future. Now, why do they
shift everything 10 weeks forward? And
again, 10 weeks just from these guys,
other analysts say 12, 14, whatever.
Okay, but that's why we have a window,
right? Basically, they do this because
they believe that it takes about 10
weeks for changes in global M2 to
actually filter through the system and
be reflected in the prices of assets
like Bitcoin. All right. Now, that gives
you an understanding of the nuts and
bolts of this chart. So, looking at it
again, it does appear that Bitcoin's
price is of course correlated with
global M2. We've talked about this
before. It's about an 83% correlation
with global M2. When M2 is shifted
forward by about 10 weeks, we get a
pretty interesting result. With regards
to this local crypto top prediction for
the second week of September, we're
getting this because this model has
global M2 hitting a local peak around
September 7th or so. And then modestly
pulling back from there into October.
And this data align with other analysts
like I3 Invest who show basically the
same thing here. Global liquidity should
have a local peak around midepptember. A
local peak, not a final peak. I think we
still have a lot of room for the uh
liquidity to run in this cycle. So the
second week of September is again when
the window opens. It might take a little
longer. Correlation is not perfectly set
at 10, 11, 12 weeks, whatever, but
approximately. So that's the area for
the next local peak in crypto because I
think crypto of course is correlated
with global M2 as we've seen. It has a
heavy correlation in fact. Now, let's
talk about price targets for well, next
month. Before we do that, though, guys,
if you're trading these cryptocurrency
markets, you need a good account to do
that. You need a good exchange to do it.
That place is Bit Unix, where I'm doing
most of my futures trading these days.
And it's never been a better time to
sign up. Of course, it's no KYC, is no
VPN, it's no BS. Anyone, anywhere,
that's you can trade on Bit Unix. And
here's the deal. Right now, limited time
offer when you sign up using this link
right down below here. 30% off your
fees. Crazy. You're also going to have
to $400 in deposit bonuses. deposit two
grand, you get 400 bucks cash back money
in your account and just insane trading
bonuses all the way up to like $8,000
and like 15k or three ETH. So big deals
here. Check it out. Link down below. Get
started trading the way you should be
trading with freedom. Okay, now price
predictions for crypto. So look,
specifically 150k BTC and 7K ETH in
September. Probably like $400 Salana, $4
XRP, all that kind of stuff around that
time, too. Now, I'll admit that this
price prediction is more speculative
than the timing argument I just made.
That's also speculative, but a little
more data driven, but hear me out. So,
here's the basic argument. Global M2
makes a fairly significant jump from
August to September. And since Bitcoin
is correlated with Global M2, I'm
expecting a fairly significant jump in
both Bitcoin and Ethereum over that
similar time frame over the next four to
6 weeks. Specifically, M2 should
increase from 111 trillion this month to
114 trillion in September. So, when
looking at the Bitcoin chart and
thinking about, okay, if we're about to
get more significant upside move coming
into Bitcoin here, then what is the most
likely price target for that to be?
Well, here I'm looking at the 2.618 618
Fibonacci level. And that's just around
$155,000
right now. That to me looks like a very
reasonable target for Bitcoin's next
major move, the next local top for BTC.
And it's the same logic with Ethereum.
If Bitcoin heads to $155,000,
then that should be more than enough
tailwinds behind ETH to send it to the
1.618 Fibonacci line, especially with
Tom Lee and Joseph Luben and all these
guys buying tens of billions of dollars
worth of ETH. Right now, that 1.618 618
line. That's just a few hundred above
$7,000. So there you go. That's my
argument behind these price predictions.
Basically, M2 is projected to make a
significant upside move into September
and find a local peak. That's what the
data is showing us right now. And since
these Fibonacci levels for Bitcoin and
Ethereum are the next logical price
targets, I think Bitcoin and Ethereum
can have corresponding moves in
September up to these target levels. Now
that's the next local top. Let's discuss
where prices are likely heading after
the next local peak midepptember and
through into the rest of the year and
even in 2026. Well, just to state it
directly, I think we probably get a
slight pullback in prices in October
after we find the local peak around 150k
BTC 7K ETH. We're probably going to get
a pullback. That's also the forecast for
Global M2. Global M2 pulls back a little
bit. Markets will correlate with that.
But after October, we then resume the
upwards price action through the end of
the year and through 2026. By the way,
if we get rate cuts in September, which
likely, not certain, but likely that
also probably is a buy the rumor, sell
the news to some kind of extent. And
it's because of the same reasoning here
again. So, global M2 generally projected
to keep increasing through the end of
the year and through the first two
quarters of 2026. So if M2 will keep
expanding over this time frame and
accounting for some modest pullbacks,
some disgusting crashes within all that,
then the price of Bitcoin and crypto
should keep in theory increasing as
well. Interesting. And again, the timing
of the global M2 and the next rate cut
coming, it all just lines up so well.
And rate cut comes, everyone's going to
expect everything to go up and people
start taking profits. Surprise,
surprise. Anyway, beware of the October
dip. It's likely in this scenario. So
remember, there's a lot of uncertainty
as to whether we're still in the
traditional four-year cycle or if we're
in a new extended cycle. And if we get a
150k BTC top in September or early
October, everyone's going to say,
"That's it. Cycle's over. We're done.
That was the top for four years. Good
night. See you next time." I disagree.
It will not be okay. It'll be a next
level top. And people will take profits,
which you can take. You're allowed to
take profits, right? But people will be
graved saying it's all over when BTC
pulls back from 150 to 110K. Those are
going to be some crazy times. Look, I'm
increasingly thinking that we're in an
extended cycle because of the treasury
companies, because of all the ETFs and
everything else, the correlation with
the stock market. But if we indeed get a
pump to 150K in Bitcoin in September
followed by modest correction in
October, again, a lot of people will
interpret this as the this correction
that comes as the beginning of the bare
market or the four-year cycle theory,
which is going to catch a lot of people
off, but consensus ideas tend to have a
way of not happening. And that's kind of
the consensus right now that the
four-year cycle will happen. But in
fact, Bitcoin might just be following
global M2 and will only rip higher as it
follows M2 up through the end of 2025
and into 2026 under an extended cycle
idea. Basically, the idea is that people
will sell off their bags way too early
and end up getting sidelined because
they're fundamentally misinterpreting
what's really happening here. So, that's
the big idea of this video. And
obviously we'll continue to discuss this
as we head into September to keep an eye
out for it and see if this thesis comes
true or not. And then go watching
through Q4 of 2025 and into Q1 and Q2.
We'll be making videos, guys. Don't
worry. We'll keep you up to date on the
M2 and everything happening in crypto.
Thanks for watching. I'll see you in the
next one.